Mark babe,
It’s almost three o clock and it’s still really hard for me to fall asleep. Whenever I think of the happy moments we share, the happiness that I was able to bring to you, and just the happiness that I’m able to have, I feel so painful that it feels like my chest is torn into pieces. Babe I really miss the good times, the unbroken me.

Today you rly made me realize how much I fear abt losing you. It’s not that if I don’t have you I don’t have someone to go to for my problems, more so just the comfort of knowing that someone is there to catch me and hold me when I fall. I’d honestly do anything to make this work because breaking up with you is gonna make all the depressing things 10 times more depressing.



I obviously don’t know how serious my mental instability is, but I know that in a depressive person’s eyes, everything is kinda grey. I might be able to be as bubbly or as uplifting as I was before - would u still love me? Would you have faith in me and bear with me through whatever difficulty that I’ll face?



Babe, I am thankful that you consider for me and don’t show me your negative side and your problems, but I really care about you and I wanna be there for you in those moments. Please share those moments with me, I’d so so love to listen to you, and I feel really good when I’m able to help you. 



One thing I wanna tell you in case things get worse. I fear that my mental health is gonna get worse and ill become more needy. If I ever threaten you that I’ll hurt myself if you break up with me, don’t take it seriously. I do have those thoughts in my mind, but I’m probably not acting on them, and even if I do, my friends will take care of me. But hope it does tell you how much I value you as my most important half. 



I am still crying. I just love you so much Mark. I love you more than myself sometimes, and I wish you most happiness in the world if I’m not able to enjoy it. Please call me tomorrow morning when you wake up. We’ll ask each other questions, tell each other how we feel, it’ll mean so much to me. 



Please call. I love you to the moon and back. 



Yours,

Amy 






hey babe, hope you are feeling better! I talked to Kristie again after our call today, and she helped me a lot by telling me that my priority should be to feel happy and stress free. You know, we don’t have to always do so well - we think that there are a lot of “I have to or else it’s gonna be so bad” situations, but honestly we are fine. You’re at an Ivy League, doing masters in 4 years, being in a rly popular frat w so many connections that can help u to get to places; I’m in Berkeley eecs, literally the top 3 CS programs in the country, interned at YC China freshman year, and have so many supportive friends and such a loving boyfriend. Like honestly we are doing good. When u think u r failing, u r still the upper half in ur classes. You will be ok Mark. I’ll be ok too. We’ll both be just fine. 



And tonight I talked to Cindy about this as well. After our conversation, I realized that this entire convo I was more concerned about you than myself. I’ve never seen you this stressed before, so I know, my love, it must be so hard right now. I feel you, the racing thoughts at night, the feeling of low self worth, and the fear that you have a dull future. I know so well how this feels, and it pains me to know that you’re going through this as well. So after the call with her, I realized that I wanna make these 3 days about you. I wanna use the best of me to care about you and to make you feel like you got someone who will always support and love you, through good and bad times. (After all, that’s what a good founder’s wife would do lolll)  



It’s hard to know that I can’t talk to you, but I’ll do it for you, to care about you the way you want to be cared about. You are my motivation to stay strong, stay sane, and stay happy. I wanna be your most loving, caring, and supportive girl. 



I love you so much Mark, so much so my heart is bursting. Remember to take a slow shower and do some appreciations before bed. I promise you you’ll be able to sleep well. 




Today is a great day babe! No more tears at night before bed, but I just really really really miss you. I agree that I’m pretty clingy and I just can’t hang up. Maybe it’s just these couple days for me as well, I’ve gone so extremely clingy that every second I’m not with you on the call I feel like I need to distract myself or I’ll feel so isolated. I logically understand it’s not the best, so I do appreciate you point it out, but it’s just like ripping off my skin from the flesh rn... it’s really hard. 

It does also help me realize how much I love you. It turned my feelings into action because I’m unable to express them immediately. I started doing things for you and feel much more accomplished as a good girlfriend (when I told friends abt it they even thought i’m super cute!) 

Sometimes I feel like I’m failing everything (which I kinda am...) but I at least feel like I’m being such a good girlfriend rn. U can’t say this relationship is abt me anymore ;)

I’m down to keep writing these emails! They are cute and I love reading your emails in the morning when I wake up. It makes me feel so loved and I know that I got a lovely man who’s caring about me so I gotta be strong and positive for him for the day :) Sorry I’ll probably only write to you at night but please reply so I can read them in the morning!! I love u tons, sleep well babe!! 


Love, 
Amy 



Dear Mark,

I know you are probably still annoyed and tired and disappointed at me, and you have all the right in the world to feel that way. Despite knowing that this email won't make you feel better and will only make you feel more guilty about what I did to you, I still wanted to write it, with my sincerest heart. I am sorry babe, and I will be better.

Before everything, I just want you to know that, for me, crying sometimes is a healthier and better thing. It helps me to feel more, feel deeper, and thus take more immediate actions to address what I feel so strongly. I am sitting at my desk in the living room when the boys are watching tik toks behind me and Kristie and Daniel are in the room sleeping - I don't have my private space at all but I still couldn't help crying because I feel so sorry, so strongly about this, about the fact that I wronged you tonight. 

I am using this writing as a means of reflection, and I will try to examine myself and my weakness, which isn't easy for someone with a strong ego like me. But I am not afraid to expose all of my wrongs for you to criticize, no matter how hard it is. I think part of my childish thinking makes me want the world to revolve around me. My high ego plays into this hidden perception that I am smart, pretty, and resourceful, so I should be always taken care of and people should listen to my problems. Many times, I've realized that this is an unrealistic expectation, and it only brings harm to my feelings as well as my relationship with people, but I still couldn't completely get over it. More often than not, I need to know that I am right, and when other people make a mistake, I need to claim victory of the situation. 

This is what happened today when you wanted to cancel 30 minutes prior to our planned time together. Because you brought a very apologetic attitude, I took advantage of that and claimed my victory in this situation. I was so petty - I just wanted you to make up for the time we didn't get to spend together in the past week and I wanted to get your attention and I wanted you to help me feel more secure but failed to communicate. I was only focused on how I feel at the moment but failed to acknowledge how much you've done for me in the grand scheme of things. You were so right... you have done SO much for me and if I still don't appreciate you or feel insecure from it, it's nothing but disheartening. 

So, instead of asking you to remind me what you've done for me, I thought I should make the effort to remind myself what you have sacrificed for me and how much I should appreciate you. This is one of the first actions I'll take in becoming a more appreciative and understanding girlfriend. 

1. You've went all the way to New Zealand, literally uprooting yourself from the fun times in China and going against your relatives' words just to come to the US for me.
2. You have had multiple arguments with your parents about this, from when to come to New Zealand to when to come to the states, which I can imagine is very draining. 
3. Just so that you're able to spend New Years' Eve with me, you changed your plan again. The mere fact that your mom is mad at you for always making decisions for me shows how often you've been planning your life for me.
4. You spent so much time and effort mailing me gifts, both the notebook and card from China and the roses from the states, just because I wanted to receive something physical from you for our 100th day. You tried so hard to make me happy
5. It actually made my heart melt when you said "fuck work let's watch the movie because I don't want to make you unhappy." Despite the fact that I was pushing you so unreasonably and you were so annoyed and disappointed in me, at the moment, you are still trying to sacrifice yourself to make me feel better. You are so selfless, all the time; on the other hand, I am so selfish. 
6. You are very verbal about your appreciation for me and always try to make me feel loved. Yesterday, you made me feel so loved with your words of appreciation towards my gift; every email I got from you is overfilled with love; every "good night I love you" makes my heart tremble. 
7. Despite at the moment I am really disappointed in myself and the feeling of knowing I did something wrong feels really really bad, I do appreciate you speaking the truth and being so honest with me all the time. It's more painful than anything I've experienced than to know that I've failed you, but I am thankful that you're pushing me, pushing us, to work on these things so that we can build out our future together. I know that you're only being critical because you're in for the long run, right?
8. You are such a good listener and you give me such good company when I need it. In Cambodia, you took care of me so well and literally addressed my loneliness when I had diarrhea by staying on the call for the entire 2 days. You make me feel so good that sometimes it's addicting to go to you for my feelings because I know you're able to help me feel better. (I've learned to maintain space, of course). I should do the same for you as well.

I have said enough, but I know that action speaks louder than words. Honestly, I have so much more to say, but I feel like I cannot prove my love to you with my words. I just know that I will try my best to act on them and support you through these couple of weeks until winter break. I said that I want to be your strong, supportive girl, so I gotta keep that promise. 

You know, love, I get so disappointed in myself when I know that I made mistakes that failed people I care about. You are the person I care about the most in this world, at this point almost a little bit more than my parents, and it was just so painful to realize that I've hurt you so much tonight. My heart was shattering when I heard that you almost start to doubt this relationship again after what I said to you last night. This hit very heavily on my heart, and I don't think I'll be able to stop thinking about it for a while. I never beg anyone, but I am begging you to please don't give up on me or on us. I know that I got a long way to go before becoming your loving and supportive girlfriend, but I want you to know that I am trying my best to change for the better. 

Maybe you remember, maybe you don't, but regardless I am gonna remind you a little bit of how I've learned and changed since our very first argument. Every argument comes with a lot of tears for me, and what you have said to me have always locked in my heart. During the first argument, you taught me to trust you for making the best decisions for us. Since then, I've always been supportive of every decision you make regarding going to New Zealand or the States. During the second argument, I knew that I should ask you more questions so that I can make you feel more cared about. So I started doing that immediately after. I definitely got worse at it after I started feeling extremely anxious every day but after our third argument in the past week, I again started to become more observant about your feelings and asking you more about your day. Also, this week I learned to be independent and give you space, and I am very proud of myself for being able to do that. 

I know that you're probably still in a really low mood from this long day and my disheartening reaction to your apology of the change of plan, but I hope when you feel a little better, you feel proud of all the changes I've made for you. These things might come intuitively for you, but each and every change took a lot of effort for someone so terrible, selfish, ignorant, and moody like me. I just want to reassure you that I am trying my very best to love you. Sometimes, I make mistakes; sometimes, I am not supporting you in the right way; and sometimes, maybe my love isn't enough. But regardless, I have been and always will try my absolute best for you, for us, to make this work.

Mark, this is actually harder than any discrete math or coding problem that I've ever solved. I don't know how to forgive myself for hurting someone I love and care about so much, and I hate that I am not already better. 

I typed this out and erased and typed it out again... Not sure if I should say it at all... but if you feel like I've made you so tired, I am not reciprocating your love enough, I am not being good enough for you, or I am not getting better quickly enough... feel free to leave me. I want the best for you because I care about you so, so much, but if for some reason I can't care about you the way you want to be cared about, I wish you can leave me and find someone else. Sometimes, like this current moment, I feel so undeserving. I feel like I don't deserve an absolutely amazing boyfriend like you because I am so full of flaws. I don't want to hurt you again, but part of me feel like, for different reasons and at different occasions, I will unconsciously continuously hurting you and only realize it after. You don't deserve this; you deserve nothing but the best. If I cannot be the best, I would be crying happy tears to see you find someone better.

That paragraph was so hard to type because at the same time I don't want you to go, ever. I am so in love with you that I cannot imagine a life without Mark... I still feel the chills through my backbone, the same chills I got when you said that you are having doubts. You leaving me would absolutely crush my life. I have imagined and planned to have you in my life, and I can't picture anything else. 

I feel like these three words are so feeble right now after rethinking about what I did to you tonight, but I still want to say, with my last bit of energy: I love you. I love you so much mark you cannot imagine. I love you so much that you would always be my priority and I would do anything to make this relationship work.

It's 4 am here already and the boys have finally gone to bed. I am now balling in the living room, feeling more empty and lonely than I have ever felt. I want to call you but I didn't because I should leave you with more space. I don't want to go to bed because I don't how what I would do waking up the next morning feeling so uncertain and empty. I have 9 more hours to endure, and I just want you to know that you'll be on my mind for this entire time. 

In the end, please don't reply to this. You need to sleep more than I need a reply from you. I just really looking forward to hearing your voice and see your lovely smile again tomorrow.


With so much love,
Amy


My love,

Sorry for an early email for today. Today's email is a little heavy (with my real feelings that you may not want to know), so if you only want my appreciation and sweet words, please go directly to the last 2 paragraphs. 

This past week has been extremely hard for me. I've been on an emotional roller coaster and, for 2-3 times, I felt so much emotional pain that all I could do is to shrink to a ball and cry until I cannot breathe. It's getting harder because you're also having an extremely difficult time this week, with loads of school work and recruiting shit on top of the suffocating quarantine situation. I've never seen you so down and so stressed for such a long period of time since I met you, so even if I may not know exactly what's going on, I know for sure that you're having a very hard time. 

Logically speaking, because we are both emotionally unstable, it's very easy for us to get into little fights. These fights made you annoyed and tired, and these fights made me scared and anxious. I have tried my best within my ability to accommodate you and to 让着你 whenever I can, and I was really hoping that it'll get better soon and we will go back to a conflict-free, loving couple. However, you are right that this is not going to get better overnight. 

We had a few backs and forth in the past week - I was so sad when you tell me how upset you are with what I did and then tell me again or tell me something new before I am even able to correct the old mistake; I was so helpless when I couldn't reach your for 23h at a time; yet, I was so ecstatic when I got your flowers and so hopeful when I knew that you might be visiting me early. Even in the call today around 7pm my time, we started with a really positive conversation, then all of a sudden you started feeling unhappy about me saying that I am meeting up with other male friends and I appreciate Kristie's bf for bringing me a bagel. And after that you started being cold towards what I say again, or at least, I started overthinking your reactions and your words again. 

I honestly don't really understand why I am so so sensitive these days about things you say, but every time I overthink, I try to resolve it by trying to understand and forgive you because it must be hard for you to stay emotionally stable as well. However, I just want to preemptively tell you that it's draining me s little and making me scared. I still extremely look forward to our conversations, but I also get nervous about what I can tell you and cannot tell you - what if I trigger you again unintentionally? It's draining because I am already exhausting my positive energy to try to stay happy when I am on call with you and deal with my sadness alone, but even when I am trying my best, it still doesn't go anywhere and I still feel like the worst and most undeserving girlfriend. For one small argument we have and one small mistake I made, I have to use a couple of days' worth of energy to make up for it, and I can't even predict those mistakes.

After our call at 7pm, I started sinking into this sad mood again, so I started to write you this email. I know that you are exhausted, so I am definitely not asking you for anything, but I also just wanna let you know that I am very tired as well. I don't know how much longer I can push myself to be sweet over text and positive on call when I am so fragile myself. I love you so much and I really want to help you to get through these weeks, but I am not sure how much more I am able to do. I don't expect you to understand me, but I kinda feel how you felt like a week ago - when every call you have with me is about me ranting; when you want to make me feel better but I continue to blame you for not listening; at one point you just realized that you have to let me know because you are afraid that you can't take it anymore and because that you started feeling tired. When every call we have I need to worry about if you're gonna be annoyed and unhappy about something trivial; when I try to be better but you continuously call me out for everything and don't give me room to breathe; at one point I just realized that I have to let you know because I am afraid I can't sustain this anymore and I started feeling tired.

Mark babe, I am not blaming you at all. This is indeed really hard. Both of us are vulnerable and exhausted because of our own situation, so neither side can provide the other side as much support as they want. I still have faith in us though, because I know how much I love you. Even in the most depressing times, I've endured over the past week, I know that we will eventually be ok. Because I love and care about you so much, I've been gathering my last bit of courage to smile for you and I've been exhausting my last bit of positive emotions to love you. I am very proud of myself for overcoming what I've faced in the past week, and I hope you are proud of me too. So many times, I've felt so much pain that I want to give up, but I haven't because I want us to work. I'm trying my very best to learn and improve, so I can be the girl that's on your side through both the good times and the bad times. I want to be with you. I love you, Mark. I love you more than words could express.

Lastly, I do appreciate you a lot for learning in this process and getting better for me as well, for being so good about appreciating progress I made and being better with planned calls and time we set aside for each other. The little things like telling me that you're gonna be late for 10 minutes make all the difference in my heart because I know you're thinking about me and also trying to make this easier fo me. You're still my baby boy, and I wish you a happy and productive evening. 


Loving you with my heart and soul,
Amy


Hey babe I’m a bit tired tonight so I’m not gonna write too much. But I was rereading your emails from the past 3 nights and savoring every single metaphor you wrote.

I miss you so much, and I am SO looking forward to tomorrow. I haven’t been so happy in a few weeks. And, of course, you are always the one to make my day :) 

I’m bad at metaphors, but I hope these three words stay strong and touching as they were first out of my mouth 100 days ago:

 I love u. 

Because it has stayed the same if not stronger. Nothing has changed since we met, I still feel so fresh and new whenever I call you and spend time with you. If anything, these 100 days made me realize how much we care about each other and how you’re not just a fling - how much I want you to be part of my life for a long time. I’ve never been so committed and so determined with someone, but you make me feel like the most loved girl. 

I’ve loved you for 100 days and will love you for 1000 more. 


Yours,
Amy 