Dear Amy, 

Babe, my love, not one second passed by, I have not missed your lovely spirit, your energetic soul, and your tender heart. You are so good to me, and you are so good for me. I cannot express how lucky I am to have you, to share my life with you. I love you so much, and YES, today is a great day. The moment you picked up my call, seeing you (naked) happy, made my day. If I were to sum up all the highlights of my day, both eating somewhat of an Asian-styled noodles bowl, made by New Zealand white people (for dinner), and talking to you in that short but precious hour on phone make the list. Obviously, the later is so much more of a highlight than the former. 

(This paragraph and the next one are a little dull. Sorrryyy, couldn't help when I was writing this, but if you only want to see  the sweet things, go to the last paragraph ;))) 
Having some space gave me a brand new perspective, a new perspective on our relationship that is not purely based on company but more on trust. The fact that I couldn't talk to you for 27 hours, though it was also painful for me, made me realize that my love for you pertains through space, time, and disconnection. No matter where you are, no matter when we meet, and no matter how much we commit our time and energy for each other, my love for you never faded, not a single bit. I have been thinking. Ever since you left, the way for us to cope our physical and time distance apart is to hold each other closer and closer, but is this really healthy? If anything, the needy part is not yours to have alone. I equally share the sin. Looking back and forward to this 3 days break I proposed, I actually have no regrets because it made me realize that none of us have to be so needy and so afraid of losing each other cuz long distance. Even if we don't talk as often, we are still madly in love with each other, and I don't believe the saying that if we start to keep a little distance will cause this distance to recursively grow. Oppositely, I believe a long healthy relationship, the one that I imagine to have with you, requires the right amount of distance from both parties. (Don't get me wrong! I am not suggesting that we will only talk 1 hour everyday in the future nor anything remotely similar to that!) 

Enough said, you are a smart girl, you understand where I am coming from. I also understand and empathize with how unusual you must have felt for bearing with me on this. It is tough. It is tough because it is new. We have never tried anything like this. However, I believe in change. I believe that changes for the betterment are necessary and inevitable. This is our change. This is the change that we will have to fight for at some point in our relationship. If it doesn't happen now, it will need to happen soon or later. Yet, remember, I want you to take this to heart. The only reason why I am pushing this is because I want a future with you. It is so hard to meet someone you really like and can spend a meaningful time with. I don't want to lose you. I love you Amy. I love you so much. 

I'm sorry that my emails are getting longer and longer. I never really enjoyed writing, but writing to you made me love writing somehow. See in every way you make me a better person, more thoughtful and more brave. Thank you babe. you are the best thing (not objectifying you in anyway) that has ever happened to me. 

Ok. Really enough said. This paragraph is dedicated to you. Let me try to describe how much you mean to me. If my life is a monday morning, waking up with the rooster crowing, you are my tastiest coffee, tasty and smooth. You give me energy Amy. If it is cold outside, you are the warmest cup of Cappuccino. You warm up every particle of my body, giving them the warmth and comfort of home in the pale, cold winter. If it is hot outside, you are the coolest cup of cold brew. You make the restless and racing heart of mine less anxious, less frustrated by the burning heat of summer. You might taste bitter sometimes, but at the end of every sip I couldn't help but to best savor every bit of your unique fragrance, and slow becoming addicted to the smell of you, my favorite smell in the world. I guess what I am trying to say is that (twisting a little bit on the British slang): you are my cup of coffee Amy. I love you so so so much, more than you think. I want to treasure you, hold you, kiss you, hug you, listen to you, laugh with you, run with you, wake up with you, dream with you, work with you, run with you, climb mountains with you, travel with you, sing with you, shout with you, adventure with you, eat with you, cook with you, cry with you, and be with you. If I were to keep going, this could go on forever. To sum up, I love you, Amy Deng. 

Oh my god, I have been writing this email for the past 45mins. Oh well, now you can't blame me for not willing to spend my "precious time" for you. 

Your boy, 
Mark Li 






Dear Amy, 

I just finished up all the work I had to do. Super tired but I still want to write something for you. This one is going to be super short. I hope it still reads you sweet. 

For the entirety of the grace times that I am not working, I have been thinking about you and about us. I am really amazed at how lucky I am to meet someone as great as you. You are the prettiest, smartest, and most caring girl in my eyes, those tiny but loving eyes. I also wondered but my life would be without you, meaning what would my life be if I never met you. The result of that is not a scenario; rather, it is a feeling, a feeling so strong that feels like the loneliness and helplessness you'd get if you ever get stranded at the edge of the universe, the singularity of oblivion. 

Anyways, I love you! You bring me so much happiness and joy. You are my better half Amy. I love you so so so so much. 

This is it. Told you it would be short and sweet hahah!

PS. I will probably wake up around 2pm your time, so if your gift arrives before then, you probably won't be able to reach me, but I hope you like what you get tmr. I love you Babe and good night. 

Yours, 
Mark Li


Hi Amy, 

After our call today, there were so many instances where I just wanted to call you. I didn't because I know even if I call you, my mindset going into our conversation is just going to be so negative, and I already made a commitment to make some space for myself so that I can really be selfish and finish my own work that has been piling so high on my desk. Yet, I really missed you. This commitment we are making for the next 3 days is not a small thing; if you think about it, it will be the first time for us to not talk over the phone for more than 12 hours ever since we became a couple. My philosophy for any long-term relationship is that neither party in the relationship should be so dependent on one another. If I were to rate our relationship out of 10, I would give it 8.5, .5 point off for having to do long-distance, .5 off for always leaving a margin, room for improvement, and, lastly, .5 off for not knowing how to be more independent of each other. I think this commitment we are making for the next 3 days will help us to get rid of the last .5 points off. 

The reason why I am saying that is because for the past 9 hours, I have truly realized how much I need you and how much I am dependent on you. There were countless instances (during work cuz, u know, I'm easily distracted) when I just wanted to give up this commitment, which was brought up by me, and give you a call. I feel so lonely for not being able to hear your voice whenever I want. I know if I want to make our relationship last, I need to be more independent and maybe so do you. 

With that said, you made my day (a very long one) when I saw your writing in the first paragraph, your appreciation of me, and your kind and your sincere and warm words at the end. From the black and white words, I can feel the earnestness and heartfeltness of your heart - I don't think there is anyone else in this world who cares for me and believes in me more than you Amy. I love you Amy. I love you so much, and I want to hear more of you appreciating me and tell me that you want to be my strong, loving, and supportive girl because I know for a fact that whenever you say that to me, I will feel like the luckiest man on earth, luckiest man on earth who has the best Amy in this world by his side. 

P.S I actually quite enjoy writing these emails to you. I feel like I can better express myself through writing. We should keep doing this after we go back to normal in three days (?) 

from the luckiest man on earth, 
Mark Li 




My Dear Amy,

I am really tired... so tired to a point when I saw your email an hour ago, I just didn't even have the strength to type something back for you, but I think I should reply to this, to tell you how much I love you and value you and have faith in you. It's 1:10 am here in New Zealand so it's already 4:10 there in the States. I hope you have already fallen asleep. If not, I hope this email finds you well and hopes it finds you calm. 

There has not been one moment for which I stopped loving you. In fact, loving you has become a lifestyle for me, a brand new adventure for me. More ethereal, more exciting, and more heart-wrenching than any romantic fantasies, my love for you, my dear, is the best thing that has ever happened to me, period. If bumping into you was an accident, then I'm the luckiest passenger in ride that's called life; if falling in love with you was a gift, then I am the happiest kid standing under the most brilliant, colorful Christmas Mistletoe; if receiving your love is reaching a milestone, then this milestone I reached is the grandiose mount Everest; if these very played-out metaphors still couldn't express how much I love you, perhaps, I can only guess that thousand lavish words are only feathers' light to a few simple words' heavy. 

Amy Deng. I love you. 

I really do. 

I want you to be happy because it will make me happy; I want you to be good to yourself, as good as you are to me;I want you to conquer the highest mountains of your goals; I want you to live like Shawshank in the prison of life. I want you to be the Forrest Gump of your own decisions, stay fearless and naive; and I want you to always be Amy Deng. 

None of those things I said above matter more than this: I want you to love yourself. 

Sorry if I sounded really selfish that I want so much from you; please, I hope you don't think that way. You are you. I will always love who you are. Sad Amy or happy Amy. Depressed Amy or optimistic Amy. I have faith in you, so much faith in you; you will find your happiness and get rid of the stress. Most importantly, I am so proud of you for your efforts and determination to make yourself feel better. At the end of the journey, when you find your own peace and happiness, I hope that you will remember me for the times I spent just being with you and caring for you. That makes me proud. 

Love,
Mark Li 


Dear Amy, my love, 

Today I showed you multiple sides of me. Some are good and some are bad. I flipped those sides to you so indifferently and so condescendingly. Despite all of the great things you have done for me over the past week and months, I ignored them brutally. Like I told you, I knew that I would regret and apologize to you because I knew you're trying so hard to make me happy, and I knew that from any other person's eyes, you are being the best girlfriend in the world. How stupid am I to take you for granted. Unlike the other nights, I would like to open this email with three different words. 

I am sorry. 

I truly am Amy. 

Not the grandest canyon can match the depth of my love for you, and not the deepest water can dilute my regret for treating you so terribly. 

If I ever treat you like this again, plz slap me. If I treat you like this again when we are in long distance, keep the slap and slap me and do it as the first thing when you see me in person. 

Despite my regrets buzzing in my body and soul so loudly, my greatest emotion lies within my heart, and that is how much I appreciate you. I appreciate you for making me such a cute video; I appreciate you for building such a heartful card; I appreciate you for trying so hard to help me feel better; I appreciate you for accommodating my schedule and give me space; and lastly, I appreciate you for being my best friend, my best ally, my best mentor, my best girlfriend, and my best half. 

You are so important to me. 

Don't ever forget that. 

I love you,
Mark Li